Hi, I'm like that, and today we're going to
prepare a quick easy snack and very
original I will use as you see a
slice of cheese a carrot a piece
of sliced ​​bread and some salad
the first thing is to cut the mold bread
this one they sell for sandwiches
we removed the bark and now with a
scissors that is the easiest thing we are going to
cut what would be the shell of the
chick the bottom oval and
Now we are going to make some piquitos or
little triangles on top like
if the shell had been broken so that
come out our chick I'm
using a seed bread you can
perfectly use a mold bread
white will be very beautiful because the
Most eggs are white too
Now in a little dish I will place a
little bit of salad or any leaf
green on the bottom and above
we will place the bread afterwards I will
leave for the moment while I'm still
preparing to make the body of the
chick I'm going to use this slice of
cheese that is to melt that give of
orange you have it also yellow
You can use any other slice of
cheese that is yellow or good a
little white if you want if not
you find this guy and we 're going to
place like this on top of
our plate and on top the bread with
bit that we have left over from cheese
the corners to cut it in round
let's make the wings cut
a kind of teardrop-shaped drops
or drop
we put them up here are the
chick wings
now with a carrot let's make it
hair
just beige I cut a little slice to
divided in two and cut a tad the
top part to make it more
redondito can also make peak
put more hairs if you want I put
two as if they were the pens more than
the little hair above and with another little slice
of carrot cut a triangle for
peak
placed it there on top and now for the
eyes you can use black olive that
I do not have and I will use a grape
black or red grape as you call it I'm going to
cut out two circles for the eyes
and with this we would have it ready you have
seen how fast and easy we can
surprise children when they arrive
of the school with a fun snack and
liked this video if it is so many
thank you remember if you have not done it
subscribe to the channel and hit like
follow us also on our other channel
of crazy heart you will find them like the
crazy hacks because good because
we make very fun challenges games
entertaining if experiments for
children with mateo hugo and daniela
and remember the best ideas for children
in today there is no college dotcom
now if I want to see one of these two
videos to make ninjas you can do
with a pear or you can do it with tubes
of toilet paper chau